# Directives
1. Explain the difference between attribute directives and structural directives. Provide an example of each.
   - Attribute directives change the appearance or the bahavior of an element without altering its structure, for example, the 'ngStyle' dynamically updates the style of an element based on expressions. While structural directives modify the structure of the DOM by adding or removing elements, for instance, the '*ngFor' creates multiple elements based on the tag of the '*ngFor' loop.
2. Discuss the differences between ngStyle and ngClass directives. How would you decide which one to use in a given situation?
   - 'ngStyle' allows us to bind a set of inline styles to an element, 'ngStyle' is useful when we want to apply multiple styles dynamically, and 'ngClass' binds a set of CSS class names to an element based on conditions, 'ngClass' is useful when we need to manage CSS classes dynamically.
3. What is the purpose of the @HostListener and @HostBinding decorators in custom directives? Provide an example of their use.
   - The purpose of the '@HostListener' and '@HostBinding' decorators is to interact with host elements in custom directives. For example, we can use '@HostListener' to execute a method when the host element is being triggered by some actions (click, mouseover, mouseleave), while '@HostBinding' can bind a DOM property to a directive's property to update an element dynamically.
4. Discuss the best practices for using Renderer2 and ElementRef in Angular applications. When should each be used, and how can developers ensure their code remains maintainable and secure?
   - 'Renderer2' and 'ElementRef' in Angular applications can be used to interact with the DOM. For instance, 'ElementRef' provides direct access to the DOM element, it should be used when creating custom directives, while 'Renderer2' manipulates DOM elements rather than direct access and is better for setting styles, attributes, or adding and removing elements. Developers can ensure their code remains maintainable and secure by combining 'Renderer2' and 'ElementRef', in this way, 'Renderer2' provides abstractions for DOM manipulations and keeps our code more maintainable by abstracted operations. Also, limit the use of 'ElementRef' without 'Renderer2' because direct access will expose our application to security valunerabilities.
